OK so now we see what the shape of our requests looks like and how to use it when we have our client.
Let's actually explore more of actually bringing in the Apollo features into our application so because
we already fetched our collection let's just go and fetch more collections.
Except this time Let's fetch all of our collections and replace our collections overview with it because
that's the main place where we need access to all of the collections.
Now and here we can see that we are currently using redux.
And what we're doing is we're passing the collections into this collection component while we're actually
going to leverage our higher order component pattern in order to use some of the new components that
we get back from Apollo.
And it's going to be very similar to the consumer pattern that we saw when we used the context API.
The very first time not when we used the used context hook but do you remember when we used the context
dog consumer tanks it's gonna be very similar and I'll show you how we'll use it.
The first thing that we need to do is we need to remove this redux bindings that we have on our actual
collections overview.
So just remove the library and remove any of this data that you don't need and now what you need to
do is you are going to make a new file inside of this collections overview and it's going to be called
collections overview container dodge ASX.
So we did something similar before when we built our containers but this time it's just gonna be a graft
container.
And what you're going to do is you are going to import in react from react because what we're going
to write is a new component but we're now going to import in this new component called the query component
and this comes from a react Apollo.
We're also going to import into GQ all function because we need to make a graph Q all request
and we're also going to import in both our collection overview collections overview as well as are spinner
component
spinner component.
Okay.
Now in order for us to use this query component this query component is going to receive the actual
graft.
Well query that we want to make and then it's gonna go fetch that data and it's going to give it back
to us as a function pretty much just like the consumer when we used our context API where it gave us
a function that had access to the data that we wanted.
So what we're gonna do is we are going to write the actual request itself.
So we're gonna stay constant get collections and use capitals and underscores here because it's never
gonna change.
Right.
So when you see the syntax it means it is a constant.
We're gonna say GQ well and then you're gonna use the back to X right because we're doing string interpolation
like we did before and then we're going to say with these braces collections and we want the idea we
want the title we want the items.
And on those items we want the I.D. We want the name we want the price and we want the image URL very
similar.
Nothing new here.
The only difference is that we have to declare it in a separate const.
Now what we're gonna do is we are going to now make our new component our collections overview container
component which is equal to this functional component that will return us back our query component wrapping
around are actual collections overview component.
But before we do that we're gonna pass this query into this query itself using the query key so we're
gonna say the query goes to our Get collections query and now what will happen is it will give us back
a function.
And on that function is going to be a object that holds actually a lot of different properties that
get passed in the main ones that we care about is the loading.
So we're going to destructor these off we're gonna to structure off loading error and data and we're
only going to the structure off the error so that we can actually see it.
But here we're going to open up these braces and what we're gonna say is we want to render the spinner
if loading is true.
So going to say if loading right then return from this if statement are spinner so that's pretty much
what's going to render out of this function if loading is true so this is pretty much a boolean in fact
let's console log all of these so we can see what they are.
So let's just wrap it in an object right.
Using our object syntax so that we can know what each one is.
Let's just console the log.
The error as well as well as the data
and then what we'll do is we will say if loading is false.
So if the data has returned back to us then I want to return collections overview and I want to pass
in collections as data Doc collections.
We actually have to export this and use it in order to see what happens.
Now I know that collections are going to come back from data because when we made the request manually
here right when we made this query we knew that that was the shape that we were going to get.
So if I just do I.T. and title we see that we always get data with collections as the query and then
the actual value of what we're getting back.
So that's how I knew that it was going to be collections because that data is pretty much just going
to be this thing after the data key.
So that's one thing to keep in mind for everything you get back from graphed you all it will always
be nested under the name of the query that you made so let's export this out as the default so that
we can actually see it in action.
And what I'm going to show you is I'm actually going to show you a way that we can use this easier in
our imports.
So where do we use our collections.
Overview is probably our shop page
so inside our shop page right now we're importing in collections overview right from collections overview
decomposing.
You're going to switch this over to dot container which are our new container file and then instead
of changing this you can add the braces and say default as collections overview.
And the reason you can do this is because the default is actually already alias for you as an export
with the E6 import.
So we only ever see these curly braces in our import statements when we make non default imports.
Well it turns out we actually have also access to this default alias which is always exported for us
even when we export out something by default.
So we can say I want to import in whatever gets export it by default from this file as collections overview.
Right.
So I want to set it as this constant name.
So now we don't have to change it for anywhere we used it and it's easy for us to know where it is because
we just know that what's it being imported is by default.
This collections overview.
So now if I say I go back to my application and if I go to the shop what will load is our collections
overview and you'll see that the object is loading true the object here.
Right that we actually have as our error is undefined.
If we have to have there we would get the error object so we can do something with that.
If we had say a component that handled error states but in our case we do.
We also got our data object which initially was empty.
So the first time this logged there was no data.
That's why loading was true.
And that's why we load our spinner now at the moment that loading is false.
That means that we actually get the data we need it back and the data is the object with.
Again the query that we made which was collections and then it gives us back the array of the collections
objects that we need it.
And as we see our shop overview page works the same as it did before but now of course none of these
buttons that they're still linked up to redux but we have to switch this over to using Apollo but we've
made our first query we've made our first request to get all of our collection items and it was pretty
simple it wasn't that complicated.
Right.
And we were mainly able to continue using our components the same way that we did before we mainly were
using a map state to props higher order component pattern with our redux bindings and now we're simply
just wrapping over our presentation or collections overview component with this new container that does
the fetching for us and then it'll pass the data into our collections overview component so it's actually
really handy especially with this method of error handling.
We don't have to worry about setting or loading stay or is fetching is true right when our request starts
and then we got to set it to false when our request succeeds all of this gets handled for us by the
Apollo client which is a beautiful thing.
It's so easy to use for this reason.
In fact our spare component is so simple as just a component now.
Right.
We'd have to worry about any of the patterns with higher order components anything like that so that's
one of the big benefits of using this pattern and using the Apollo client.
So now that we've rendered our collection page let's use another query and let's modify our specific
individual collection page and I'll show you how to do that in the next lesson.